Feat/appcircle cli doc (#23)
appcircleio/appcircle-cli: README.md

Appcircle CLI is a unified tool for accessing the Appcircle platform features from the command line.

> ## Table of contents

Reviewer: IMO, this list should have active voice to better user-friendly

for example,

- Table of Contents
- Installation Instructions
- Usage Guidelines
   - Command List
- Environment Variable Settings
- Interactive Mode Details
- Request Logging
- Guides and Tutorials
   - Configuring Your Appcircle CLI 
   - Environment
   - Trusting Your Self-Hosted Appcircle
   - Certificate
   - Connecting Your Appcircle Account via CLI
   - Starting a New Build via the Appcircle CLI
   - Distributing an App via the Appcircle CLI
- How to Contribute
- Publishing Guidelines
- Jenkins Pipeline Integration
- Docker Image Usage

- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
   - [Commands](#commands)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Interactive Mode](#interactive-mode)
- [Logging requests](#logging-requests)
- [Guides](#guides)
  - [How to Configure your Appcircle CLI environment?](#how-to-configure-your-appcircle-cli-environment)
  - [How to Trust your Self-Hosted Appcircle Certificate?](#how-to-trust-your-self-hosted-appcircle-certificate)
  - [How to Connect your Appcircle Account within CLI?](#how-to-connect-your-appcircle-account-within-cli)
  - [How to start a new build via the Appcircle CLI?](#how-to-start-a-new-build-via-the-appcircle-cli)
  - [How to distribute an app via the Appcircle CLI?](#how-to-distribute-an-app-via-the-appcircle-cli)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Publishing](#publishing)
- [Jenkins pipeline](#jenkins-pipeline)

> - [Docker image](#docker-image)

Reviewer: IMO, this list should have an active voice to better user-friendly

for example,

- Table of Contents
- Installation Instructions
- Usage Guidelines
   - Command List
- Environment Variable Settings
- Interactive Mode Details
- Request Logging
- Guides and Tutorials
   - Configuring Your Appcircle CLI 
   - Environment
   - Trusting Your Self-Hosted Appcircle
   - Certificate
   - Connecting Your Appcircle Account via CLI
   - Starting a New Build via the Appcircle CLI
   - Distributing an App via the Appcircle CLI
- How to Contribute
- Publishing Guidelines
- Jenkins Pipeline Integration
- Docker Image Usage

npm install @appcircle/cli
```

## Usage

To get started :

1. Follow the [installation instructions](#installation)

2. Simply launch the command on your Terminal/Command Line

```
appcircle
```

> If you have installed it locally, you should run `npx appcircle`

3. Set any needed [environment variables](#how-to-configure-your-appcircle-cli-environment).

> 4. If you are using a self-signed SSL certificate on the self-hosted Appcircle server, [trust the SSL certificate](#how-to-trust-your-self-hosted-appcircle-certificate) of the Appcircle server to secure the network between the CLI and the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you are using a self-signed SSL certificate on a self-hosted Appcircle server, [trust the SSL certificate](#how-to-trust-your-self-hosted-appcircle-certificate) of the server to ensure secure communication between the CLI and the server.
```

> 5. [Authenticate](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication) into your account of Appcircle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Authenticate](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication) into your Appcircle account.
```

Below is the list of commands currently supported by Appcircle CLI:

### Core Commands

Run `appcircle [commandName] --help` to view a list of  commands/subcommands in your terminal.

- [appcircle config](/docs/config/index.md)
- [appcircle login](/docs/login/index.md)
- [appcircle build](/docs/build/index.md)
- [appcircle distribution](/docs/distribution.md)
- [appcircle publish](/docs/publish.md)
- [appcircle enterprise-app-store](/docs/enterprise-app-store.md)
- [appcircle organization](/docs/organization.md)

> Commands follow this pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commands follow this pattern:
```

```shell
appcircle <command> <subcommand> ... <subcommand> [options]
```

- Run `appcircle (-i, --interactive)` to proceed with the Appcircle GUI

## Environment variables
- `AC_ACCESS_TOKEN`: an authentication token for API requests. Setting this avoids being
  prompted to authenticate and overrides any previously stored credentials.
  Can be set in the config with `appcircle config set AUTH_HOSTNAME xxxxxx`

> - `API_HOSTNAME`: specify the host where the API endpoint is found. [See also](#how-to-configure-your-appcircle-cli-environment) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `API_HOSTNAME`: Specifies the host where the API endpoint is located. [See also](#how-to-configure-your-appcircle-cli-environment) for more details."
```

> - `AUTH_HOSTNAME`: specify the host where your IAM(identity access management) server endpoint is found. [See also](#how-to-configure-your-appcircle-cli-environment) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AUTH_HOSTNAME`: Specifies the host where your IAM (identity access management) server endpoint is located. [See also](#how-to-configure-your-appcircle-cli-environment) for more details."
```

## Interactive Mode

> Appcircle CLI incorporates a GUI that allows users to interactively access its features. To view all features in interactive mode, execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Appcircle CLI includes a GUI that allows interactive access to its features. To use all features in interactive mode, execute the following command:
```
